- [Instructor] In preparation for this course,
we are going to assume that you have some standard
development tools set up.
Your local macOS machine should have Homebrew and Java.
We are going to be working with Java 12 in the course,
but you could use any version from Java 8 and up.
You should also have Node.js and npm installed.
It will also be great if you have
the following tools installed: IntelliJ Community Edition.
I recommend using it to follow along,
as I'll call out some handy shortcuts
that will save us a bit of time and typing.
You could use another IDE, but you'll need to manually
type in some of the things
that IntelliJ will do for us automatically.
And finally, you should also have Postman installed.